Assistant Sun, Mr. Gu
You said I broke up with Jiang Caicai?
No.
Mr. Gu, do you want me to help you find a new girlfriend?
Miss Jiang is very nice.
What new girlfriend are you?
Your salary will be deducted by 3,000 this month.
Buckle 3,000
I'm asking you to help me think about how to get him back.
Mr. Gu, aren't you embarrassing me?
It's not that you don't know my 10,000-year-old single dog
Deduct another 3,000
Mr. Gu, don't don't don't buckle
I think I think
How about you buy a bunch of flowers and apologize at the door?
The picture shows that your salary will be deducted for another 3,000 this month.
No, no, Mr. Gu
Master Gu, aren't you rich?
You can bother him with money.
Do you think he is a materialistic person?
Don't think about your monthly salary.
Ha ha.
Don't you?
Mr. Gu, you can ask someone to go out of the mountain alone.
Who?
Mom, I miss my baby grandson so much.
Mom is looking for you and Jing Yijing son-in-law
Guo Zhenting and I have separated
My mom must never know about this
Or he'll drive me crazy.
Oh no, vegetable
You won't quarrel with my aunt, will you?
Mom is satisfied with her aunt
Don't make trouble.
No quarrel